<div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert light"><h1>TutorialLib</h1><p>This library was generated with <a href="https://github.com/angular/angular-cli" target="_new">Angular CLI</a> version 15.2.0.</p><h2>About the Library</h2><p>TutorialLib is an Angular library designed to provide an example of how to configure components with translations in a reusable Angular library. The library includes a custom button component and demonstrates how to inject a translation service using Dependency Injection. This approach allows for efficient management of translations and avoids code duplication in Angular projects.</p><h2>Code scaffolding</h2><p>Run <code>ng generate component component-name --project tutorial-lib</code> to generate a new component. You can also use <code>ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project tutorial-lib</code>.</p><blockquote><p>Note: Don't forget to add <code>--project tutorial-lib</code> or else it will be added to the default project in your <code>angular.json</code> file.</p></blockquote><h2>Build</h2><p>Run <code>ng build tutorial-lib</code> to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the <code>dist/</code> directory.</p><h2>Usage</h2><p>To use this library in your Angular project, follow the steps outlined in the <a href="link-to-tutorial" target="_new">tutorial</a> provided. The tutorial covers:</p><ol><li>Creating a new Angular library</li><li>Creating a custom button component</li><li>Injecting translations using the <code>forRoot</code> method</li><li>Implementing the <code>ButtonConfigurationService</code> in the test application</li></ol><h2>Publishing</h2><p>After building your library with <code>ng build tutorial-lib</code>, go to the dist folder <code>cd dist/tutorial-lib</code> and run <code>npm publish</code>.</p><h2>Running unit tests</h2><p>Run <code>ng test tutorial-lib</code> to execute the unit tests via <a href="https://karma-runner.github.io" target="_new">Karma</a>.</p><h2>Further help</h2><p>To get more help on the Angular CLI use <code>ng help</code> or go check out the <a href="https://angular.io/cli" target="_new">Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference</a> page.</p><p>For additional information on configuring components in an Angular library with translations, refer to the <a href="link-to-tutorial" target="_new">tutorial</a> provided.</p></div>
